h1. Shopping List Trainings Sencha Touch App

This App is to demonstrate the development of an Sencha Touch mobile web app.

h2. Setup

h3. Download and install

# Sencha Touch - http://www.sencha.com/products/touch/download/2.0.1/
# Sencha SDK - http://www.sencha.com/products/sdk-tools/download

h3. Localhosts

* DEV
* Test
* Production

example:
* sl2.local
* sl2-test.local
* sl2-pro.local

h2. Kickstart the app

Sencha Command Guide: http://docs.sencha.com/touch/2-0/#!/guide/command
# Go in Folder "sencha-touch-2.x.x-gpl"
# sencha app create Sl ../../sl2
# cd ../../sl2

Take a look to the folder structure

h2. Add List View

# add view/item/List.js
# app.js change create view
# app.js change views config

h2. add item model

# sencha generate model --name Item --fields=name,count,unit,done:boolean
# add default value for done field
# add proxy

h2. add store

# add store/Items.js
# app.js add store config

h2. add controller

# sencha generate controller --name=Items
# move view, store and model config to controller

h2. add Add view

# add view/item/Add.js
# add config in controller
# outsource form part

h2. add button

# add button in List.js
# add refs, control and functions in Controller
# add item functions in controller (addItem, editItem, deleteItem)
# implement addItem function in controller

h2. Unit

# add Unit Model
# add Units Store
# add unit(s) in controller

h2. Theming

# compass watch sass folder
# add scss
# change loader color in index.html

h2. item tab

# add listener
# add onItemTabAction function
# add checkItem funtion

h2. edit view

# create edit view
# add in controller
# add showEditView
# implement editItem

h2. delete item

# add delete button in edit view
# implement delete function in controller

h2. build testing

# sencha app build testing ../sl2-test/


h2. build production

# sencha app build production ../sl2-pro/

h2. build native

# sencha app build native


